Verse 1:
Right hand on the mic, my teeth crooked
I saw the spark up in your heart and then I took it
All that treasure under the sea, I overlook it
Then I take your fucking rhyme book apart so I can cook it
Look kid, don't you ever act stupid
I'll make you walk the sky like Team Rocket or Luke did
White trash, married the game and then I bruised it
Had a grammar book, but I losed it
I mean loosed it, lost it, anyway, I never used it
I don't like the proper things, Biggie on my crucifix
Like a kiddy in some skinny jeans, I got stupid fits
P.O. double L. A. C. K. You know who it is
When he in a room, then the room is his
When he slipped dick to a chick, all her tumors quit
He don't give a shit, what the rumour is
Him, Em, Hova, you've got two more picks
Is he serious? Just assume he is


Chorus:
Fuck your list, fuck your top 10
Fuck your YouTube arguments, "is it Kendrick or Em?"
Fuck your list, fuck your top 5
Fuck your internet fights, "is it Wu-Tang or Tribe?"
Fuck your list, fuck your top 3
Fuck your commentary spree, "is it Nas or Jay Z?"
Fuck your list, fuck your top one
I'm masturbating, I'm getting the job done

Verse 2:
Left hand on the mic, my eyes swollen
I feel kind of boring, I've had my style stolen
"Ring ring" goes the phone and you're asking who's calling
It's the Polish guy who loses his mind every morning
I'm the ace above four kings
Top 5. Wanted to fly, but they got sore wings
I'm Sinatra, showing class and watching whores swing
Your life is kind of like this beat, could use some more strings
Style obese, man, it couldn't have no more chins
I'm a unicorn, so stop betting on which horse wins
Doing the crudest porn, just to stack up even more sins
Ludicrous form, going since Filip was born 'till his corpse stinks
Heart beating so swift it broke ribs
Even though I'm dead, know the flow lives
I should be your favorite fucking thing, like the porn flick
With the cutie pie with rouge thighs, blue eyes and super-cool tits
Or the goldfish you loved just like your own kid
Who had to be thrown in the toilet bowl over some grown shit
Or the puppy you loved, who was your one friend
They took him to a farm and after that you never saw him
I'll break your heart like that event
Or the night you had to ask your Momma where Daddy went
I'm coming hard like your daddy's friend. You know?
The one who came over once or twice to cum right on your Daddy's bed?
Fuck your list


Chorus:
Fuck your list, fuck your top 10
Fuck your YouTube arguments, "is it Kendrick or Em?"
Fuck your list, fuck your top 5
Fuck your internet fights, "is it Wu-Tang or Tribe?"
Fuck your list, fuck your top 3
Fuck your commentary spree, "is it Nas or Jay Z?"
Fuck your list, fuck your top one
I'm masturbating, I'm getting the job done