[Verse 1: Nullo]
Fuck propaganda where is the promised land now
Who drops bombs on Vietnam, who shot young black panthers
Why two planes crashed in to the World Trade Center
We've got milion questions, but we'll never know the answer
Another great God tells lies to blame us
We're eating fake facts for breakfast, waiting for the next life
If you know my feelings stop religious killings
Hypocrisy of the critics never stops my lyrics

[Hook: Nullo]
Don't believe what you see, voice you hear
What you need, what you read, what you feel - it's propaganda
Kill radio, TV stop dreaming, newspapers cheating
Internet bleeding, everybody use propaganda
Governments, politics, presidents, catholics choose propaganda
Don't believe what you see, voice you hear
What you need, what you read, what you feel - it's propaganda

[Verse 2: Nullo]
We believe in one God, is he white or black?
We are one blood, always fight for what is right
People get killed by gunshot, they ain't got no white flag
Jesus Christ this whole world is drawning in the mud now
You gotta fight, but my God is better than Allah
He is bigger than China, higher than Mountains
I repeat one time, we believe in one God
We don't need these lies - fuck propaganda

[Hook: Nullo]

[Break: Nullo]
Scream yeah-yeah it's time to change
Don't believe what people say
Scream yeah-yeah this world is hell
Change your mind get out of jail

[Verse 3: Nullo]
Welcome to the CNN News, I'm John Liar - hi fools
Another soldier dies in Iraq, he refused to lose
He is a hero, G.W Bush is proud of him
He fought to stop terrorism and died to win
It's not a war, it's just a rescue mission
Fucking Bush-shit, fallowing his sick ambitions
Who is a terrorist? do you believe in spirits?
Silly military killing civilians in some Village
You better believe it!

[Outro: Nullo]
N-U-L-L-O fuck propaganda!
Carbonville fuck propaganda!
SPG fuck propaganda!
Everybody stand up, fuck propaganda!
Third Dimension fuck propaganda
Kasta Squad fuck propaganda!
CIA fuck propaganda!
Everybody stand up, fuck propaganda!


[Tekst - Rap Genius Polska]